---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qernal_function Resource - qernal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qernal_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) Container image for the function.
- `name` (String) Name of the function.
- `port` (Number) Port on which the function will listen for incoming requests.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project where the function will be deployed.
- `scaling` (Attributes) Scaling configuration for the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scaling))
- `size` (Attributes) Size configuration for the function, specifying CPU and memory resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--size))
- `type` (String) Type of the function (e.g., HTTP, Event-driven).
- `version` (String) Version of the function.

### Optional

- `compliance` (List of String) Compliance standards the function adheres to, one of soc or ipv6
- `deployment` (Block List) List of deployments for the function, specifying locations and replicas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deployment))
- `description` (String) A brief description of the function.
- `route` (Block List) List of routes that define the function's endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--route))
- `secret` (Block List) secrets to be use dby the function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secret))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the function, assigned automatically upon creation.
- `revision` (String) Function revision

<a id="nestedatt--scaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scaling`

Required:

- `high` (Number) Upper bound for scaling.
- `low` (Number) Lower bound for scaling.
- `type` (String) Type of scaling (can be either CPU or Memory).


<a id="nestedatt--size"></a>
### Nested Schema for `size`

Required:

- `cpu` (Number) Amount of CPU allocated to the function.
- `memory` (Number) Amount of memory allocated to the function.


<a id="nestedblock--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment`

Required:

- `location` (Attributes) Deployment location details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment--location))
- `replicas` (Attributes) Replica configuration for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment--replicas))

<a id="nestedatt--deployment--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment.location`

Required:

- `provider_id` (String) ID of the cloud provider.

Optional:

- `city` (String) City where the deployment is located.
- `continent` (String) Continent where the deployment is located.
- `country` (String) Country where the deployment is located.


<a id="nestedatt--deployment--replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment.replicas`

Required:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity settings for replicas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment--replicas--affinity))
- `max` (Number) Maximum number of replicas.
- `min` (Number) Minimum number of replicas.

<a id="nestedatt--deployment--replicas--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment.replicas.affinity`

Required:

- `cloud` (Boolean) Indicates if replicas should be spread across multiple clouds.
- `cluster` (Boolean) Indicates if replicas should be clustered.




<a id="nestedblock--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Required:

- `methods` (List of String) HTTP methods supported by the route (e.g., GET, POST).
- `path` (String) Path of the route.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the route for load balancing.


<a id="nestedblock--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the secret
- `reference` (String) Reference to the secrets value
